Add EOL policy (#155)
pyansys/dev-guide: doc/source/how-to/setting-up.rst

see `Connecting to GitHub with SSH
<https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh>`_.

Handling line endings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Every time you introduce a new line by pressing the `return` key, an invisible

Author: I forced bold text in here, as you used it too in your comments, @PipKat.

see `Connecting to GitHub with SSH
<https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh>`_.

Handling line endings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Every time you introduce a new line by pressing the `return` key, an invisible

Reviewer: Great sentence. My only question is the key name and formatting of it. My English keyboard says "enter" so traditional Ansys doc would say ... by pressing the **Enter** key. I'm not sure if **Enter** is true for keyboards for other languages though! In PyAnsys doc, we are using bold for any UI elements and key names.

Author: Then, let's use the "Enter" name for this.

Reviewer 2: +1 for "Enter".

character is introduced to represent a line ending. Each operating system manages

> these end of line (EOL) characters in their own way. For Windows, the EOL is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these end of line (EOL) characters in its own way. For Windows, the EOL is
```

> also known as ``CRLF`` while in Linux its name is ``LF``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also known as a ``CRLF``, while in Linux its known as a ``LF``.
```

Reviewer: Here you've used double back ticks but since we are referring to concepts (rather than some code), I'd recommend using one back tick or one asterisk to italicize. That's what I've been dong for new terms and concepts.

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, @PipKat. I'm applying it.

To avoid problems between developers working in the same repository but using

> different operating systems, it is possible to specify a EOL policy by using a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
different operating systems, it is possible to specify an EOL policy by using a
```

> file named `.gitattributes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file named ``.gitattributes``.
```

By creating a `.gitattributes` file and committing to a project, it is possible

> to customiza the type of EOL developers are expected to use. Git manages in an

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
to customize the type of EOL developers are expected to use. Git manages in an
```

> By creating a `.gitattributes` file and committing to a project, it is possible
> to customize the type of EOL developers are expected to use. Git manages in an
> automated way the EOL characters so developers do not need to worry about those.
> As an example, consider the one presented in `Configuring Git to handle line
> endings
> <https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/getting-started-with-git/configuring-git-to-handle-line-endings#example>`_:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a ``.gitattributes`` file and commit it to a repository, you can
customize the type of EOL characters that developers are expected to use. Git
automatically manages these EOL characters so that developers do not need to
worry about them. Consider this example presented in `Configuring Git to
handle line endings
<https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/getting-started-with-git/configuring-git-to-handle-line-endings#example>`_:
```
